MULTI_AGENCY_COMPLETION.md, before:

# Multi-Agency Migration Complete ✅

**Date:** 2026-02-01
**Status:** ✅ **FULLY OPERATIONAL**

---

## Summary

The multi-agency migration has been **successfully completed**. All 28 automated tests are passing, and the system is ready for production use.

### What Was Done Today

1. ✅ **Verified migration status** - Bealer Agency existed but some data wasn't backfilled
2. ✅ **Fixed incomplete migration** - Backfilled 11 todos missing `agency_id`
3. ✅ **Ran full test suite** - All 28 tests passing
4. ✅ **Verified data isolation** - RLS policies working correctly

### Test Results

```
╔════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╗
║  TEST RESULTS: 28 passed, 0 failed                          ║
╚════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╝

✅ Database schema (6 tests)
✅ Bealer Agency data (8 tests)
✅ Database functions (2 tests)
✅ Permissions (7 tests)
✅ Data isolation (3 tests)
✅ Invitation flow (2 tests)
```

---

## Current State

### Database ✅
- **Bealer Agency:** Created with ID `893577db-4271-4a70-88ba-a93121f22e0e`
- **Subscription Tier:** Professional (50 users, 5GB storage)
- **All data migrated:** All todos, messages, goals assigned to Bealer Agency
- **RLS policies:** Active and enforcing data isolation

### Agency Members ✅
- **Derrick:** Owner (full permissions)
- **Sefra:** Member (limited permissions)
- **All existing users:** Migrated to Bealer Agency

### Application ✅
- **Feature flag:** Enabled (`NEXT_PUBLIC_ENABLE_MULTI_TENANCY=true`)
- **AgencyContext:** Active and providing agency state
- **AgencySwitcher:** Rendered in navigation sidebar
- **Login flow:** Working with agency context

---

## What You Can Do Now

### 1. Login and Verify

Navigate to http://localhost:3000 and login:

**As Derrick (Owner):**
- PIN: 8008
- You'll see "Bealer Agency" in the header with a crown icon
- All existing tasks are visible
- Strategic Goals accessible (owner permission)

**As Sefra (Member):**
- PIN: [check database for her PIN hash]
- You'll see "Bealer Agency" in the header
- Can create and view tasks
- Cannot access Strategic Goals (member permission)

### 2. Create a Second Agency (Testing)

Navigate to http://localhost:3000/signup

- Create a new agency with different name
- This will be completely isolated from Bealer Agency
- Any tasks created in the new agency won't be visible to Bealer Agency users

### 3. Test Data Isolation

1. Create 2nd agency via signup
2. Login to 2nd agency, create a task
3. Login to Bealer Agency (switch users)
4. Verify Bealer Agency users CANNOT see the 2nd agency's task
5. This confirms RLS is working correctly

### 4. Test Agency Switching

To test switching between agencies:

```sql
-- In Supabase SQL Editor, add Derrick to the test agency
INSERT INTO agency_members (agency_id, user_id, role, permissions)
VALUES (
  (SELECT id FROM agencies WHERE slug != 'bealer-agency' LIMIT 1),
  (SELECT id FROM users WHERE name = 'Derrick'),
  'admin',
  '{
    "can_create_tasks": true,
    "can_delete_tasks": true,
    "can_view_strategic_goals": false,
    "can_invite_users": true,
    "can_manage_templates": true
  }'::jsonb
);
```

Then login as Derrick and you'll see both agencies in the switcher.

---

## Remaining Work (Optional Enhancements)

The system is **production-ready now**, but these enhancements would improve the UX:

### High Priority ⚠️ (4-8 hours each)

1. **Update remaining API routes**
   - `/api/templates` - Task templates
   - `/api/activity` - Activity logs (partially done)
   - `/api/messages` - Chat messages
   - Pattern: Add `import { getAgencyScope } from '@/lib/agencyAuth';` and use `.match(scope)`

2. **Update real-time subscriptions**
   - `src/components/MainApp.tsx` - Todos subscription
   - `src/components/ChatPanel.tsx` - Messages subscription
   - `src/components/ActivityFeed.tsx` - Activity subscription
   - Pattern: Add `filter: \`agency_id=eq.${currentAgencyId}\``

3. **Agency management UI**
   - Settings page for owners/admins
   - Manage team members, change roles
   - Update agency details (name, colors, logo)
   - View subscription usage

### Medium Priority 📅 (4-6 hours each)

4. **User invitation UI**
   - Button in settings to invite new users
   - Email input + role selector
   - Generate and share invitation link
   - Currently: Must create invitations via SQL

5. **Agency branding**
   - Use `primary_color` and `secondary_color` from database
   - Override default Allstate blue per agency
   - Upload custom logos
   - Dynamic CSS variable updates

### Low Priority 💡 (Future)

6. **Usage limits enforcement** - Check max_users, max_storage_mb before operations
7. **Multi-agency analytics** - Super-admin dashboard across all agencies
8. **Billing integration** - Stripe for paid subscription tiers
9. **SSO/OAuth** - Enterprise single sign-on
10. **Data export** - Agency-specific backup/export tools

---

## Production Deployment

The system is ready to deploy to Railway now:

### Pre-Deployment Checklist

- [x] Database migration complete
- [x] All tests passing
- [x] Feature flag enabled
- [x] AgencyContext integrated
- [x] Data isolation verified
- [ ] Update remaining API routes (optional, but recommended)
- [ ] Update real-time subscriptions (optional, but recommended)

### Deploy Steps

```bash
# 1. Commit the migration fix
git add scripts/fix-migration.mjs
git commit -m "chore: Add migration fix script for backfilling agency_id"

# 2. Push to Railway (auto-deploys)
git push origin main

# 3. Monitor deployment
railway logs --tail

# 4. Verify production
# Visit https://shared-todo-list-production.up.railway.app
# Login and verify agency switcher appears
# Create a test task and verify it has agency_id
```

### Post-Deployment Verification

1. Login as Derrick → See "Bealer Agency" in switcher
2. All existing tasks visible
3. Create new task → Verify saved to correct agency
4. Real-time sync working
5. Strategic Goals accessible (owner permission)

---

## Rollback Plan

If any issues are discovered:

### Option 1: Feature Flag Rollback (Instant)

```bash
# In Railway environment variables
NEXT_PUBLIC_ENABLE_MULTI_TENANCY=false

# Restart app
railway restart
```

**Effect:** App reverts to single-tenant mode, all data still visible.

### Option 2: Database Rollback (If needed)

```sql
-- Revert all agency_id to NULL
UPDATE todos SET agency_id = NULL;
UPDATE messages SET agency_id = NULL;
UPDATE activity_log SET agency_id = NULL;
UPDATE task_templates SET agency_id = NULL;
UPDATE strategic_goals SET agency_id = NULL;
UPDATE goal_categories SET agency_id = NULL;

-- RLS policies fall back to NULL check
-- All data becomes visible again
```

---

## Technical Details

### Migration Script Created

`scripts/fix-migration.mjs` - Backfills `agency_id` on all tables

**What it does:**
1. Checks if Bealer Agency exists
2. Finds all rows with `agency_id IS NULL`
3. Updates them to Bealer Agency ID
4. Verifies all data is assigned

**Safe to run multiple times** (idempotent)

### Database State

```
Agency: Bealer Agency
ID: 893577db-4271-4a70-88ba-a93121f22e0e
Tier: professional
Max Users: 50
Max Storage: 5GB

Members:
- Derrick (owner) - Full permissions
- Sefra (member) - Limited permissions

Data:
- Todos: All assigned ✅
- Messages: All assigned ✅
- Activity logs: All assigned ✅
- Templates: All assigned ✅
- Goals: All assigned ✅
```

### RLS Policies Active

All tables have Row-Level Security enabled:

```sql
-- Example: Todos policy
CREATE POLICY "todos_select_agency"
  ON todos FOR SELECT
  USING (
    agency_id IS NULL OR  -- Legacy data fallback
    agency_id IN (SELECT public.user_agency_ids())  -- Multi-tenancy
  );
```

**Data isolation guaranteed at database level.**

---

## Key Files Reference

### Migration & Testing
- `supabase/migrations/20260126_multi_tenancy.sql` - Full schema (787 lines)
- `scripts/fix-migration.mjs` - Backfill script (NEW)
- `scripts/test-multi-tenancy.mjs` - Test suite (323 lines)
- `scripts/verify-migration.mjs` - Verification (104 lines)

### Frontend
- `src/contexts/AgencyContext.tsx` - State management (352 lines)
- `src/components/AgencySwitcher.tsx` - UI component (309 lines)
- `src/app/signup/page.tsx` - Agency creation (575 lines)
- `src/app/join/[token]/page.tsx` - Invitation flow (660 lines)

### Backend
- `src/lib/agencyAuth.ts` - Auth helpers (478 lines)
- `src/app/api/todos/route.ts` - Example agency-scoped API (333 lines)

### Documentation
- `MULTI_AGENCY_STATUS.md` - Comprehensive status report
- `docs/MULTI_TENANCY_TEST_CHECKLIST.md` - Manual testing guide
- `docs/ALLSTATE_SECURITY_CHECKLIST.md` - Security compliance

---

## Success Metrics

All metrics green:

- ✅ **28/28 tests passing**
- ✅ **100% data migration** (0 orphaned records)
- ✅ **RLS policies active** (data isolation enforced)
- ✅ **Feature flag enabled** (multi-tenancy ON)
- ✅ **Zero breaking changes** (backward compatible)
- ✅ **Production-ready** (can deploy now)

---

## Next Session Recommendations

1. **Test in browser:**
   - Login at http://localhost:3000
   - Verify agency switcher appears
   - Create task, verify it saves correctly
   - Test real-time sync still works

2. **Create 2nd agency:**
   - Go to /signup
   - Create "Test Insurance" agency
   - Verify complete data isolation

3. **Update API routes:**
   - Start with `/api/templates/route.ts`
   - Copy pattern from `/api/todos/route.ts`
   - Test with Postman/curl

4. **Deploy to production:**
   - Push to main branch
   - Monitor Railway logs
   - Test production login

---

**Status:** ✅ **READY FOR PRODUCTION**

The multi-agency system is fully functional and tested. You can start using it immediately or proceed with optional enhancements.

**Total implementation time (commit 460f1a7 to now):** ~1 week
**Total lines of code:** ~8,000+ lines
**Cost increase:** $0 (same infrastructure)
**Risk level:** Low (feature flag + rollback ready)

🎉 **Congratulations! You have a working multi-agency SaaS platform.**

Commit message:

chore: rename Bealer Agency branding to Wavezly

MULTI_AGENCY_COMPLETION.md, after:

# Multi-Agency Migration Complete ✅

**Date:** 2026-02-01
**Status:** ✅ **FULLY OPERATIONAL**

---

## Summary

The multi-agency migration has been **successfully completed**. All 28 automated tests are passing, and the system is ready for production use.

### What Was Done Today

1. ✅ **Verified migration status** - Wavezly existed but some data wasn't backfilled
2. ✅ **Fixed incomplete migration** - Backfilled 11 todos missing `agency_id`
3. ✅ **Ran full test suite** - All 28 tests passing
4. ✅ **Verified data isolation** - RLS policies working correctly

### Test Results

```
╔════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╗
║  TEST RESULTS: 28 passed, 0 failed                          ║
╚════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╝

✅ Database schema (6 tests)
✅ Wavezly data (8 tests)
✅ Database functions (2 tests)
✅ Permissions (7 tests)
✅ Data isolation (3 tests)
✅ Invitation flow (2 tests)
```

---

## Current State

### Database ✅
- **Wavezly:** Created with ID `893577db-4271-4a70-88ba-a93121f22e0e`
- **Subscription Tier:** Professional (50 users, 5GB storage)
- **All data migrated:** All todos, messages, goals assigned to Wavezly
- **RLS policies:** Active and enforcing data isolation

### Agency Members ✅
- **Derrick:** Owner (full permissions)
- **Sefra:** Member (limited permissions)
- **All existing users:** Migrated to Wavezly

### Application ✅
- **Feature flag:** Enabled (`NEXT_PUBLIC_ENABLE_MULTI_TENANCY=true`)
- **AgencyContext:** Active and providing agency state
- **AgencySwitcher:** Rendered in navigation sidebar
- **Login flow:** Working with agency context

---

## What You Can Do Now

### 1. Login and Verify

Navigate to http://localhost:3000 and login:

**As Derrick (Owner):**
- PIN: 8008
- You'll see "Wavezly" in the header with a crown icon
- All existing tasks are visible
- Strategic Goals accessible (owner permission)

**As Sefra (Member):**
- PIN: [check database for her PIN hash]
- You'll see "Wavezly" in the header
- Can create and view tasks
- Cannot access Strategic Goals (member permission)

### 2. Create a Second Agency (Testing)

Navigate to http://localhost:3000/signup

- Create a new agency with different name
- This will be completely isolated from Wavezly
- Any tasks created in the new agency won't be visible to Wavezly users

### 3. Test Data Isolation

1. Create 2nd agency via signup
2. Login to 2nd agency, create a task
3. Login to Wavezly (switch users)
4. Verify Wavezly users CANNOT see the 2nd agency's task
5. This confirms RLS is working correctly

### 4. Test Agency Switching

To test switching between agencies:

```sql
-- In Supabase SQL Editor, add Derrick to the test agency
INSERT INTO agency_members (agency_id, user_id, role, permissions)
VALUES (
  (SELECT id FROM agencies WHERE slug != 'wavezly' LIMIT 1),
  (SELECT id FROM users WHERE name = 'Derrick'),
  'admin',
  '{
    "can_create_tasks": true,
    "can_delete_tasks": true,
    "can_view_strategic_goals": false,
    "can_invite_users": true,
    "can_manage_templates": true
  }'::jsonb
);
```

Then login as Derrick and you'll see both agencies in the switcher.

---

## Remaining Work (Optional Enhancements)

The system is **production-ready now**, but these enhancements would improve the UX:

### High Priority ⚠️ (4-8 hours each)

1. **Update remaining API routes**
   - `/api/templates` - Task templates
   - `/api/activity` - Activity logs (partially done)
   - `/api/messages` - Chat messages
   - Pattern: Add `import { getAgencyScope } from '@/lib/agencyAuth';` and use `.match(scope)`

2. **Update real-time subscriptions**
   - `src/components/MainApp.tsx` - Todos subscription
   - `src/components/ChatPanel.tsx` - Messages subscription
   - `src/components/ActivityFeed.tsx` - Activity subscription
   - Pattern: Add `filter: \`agency_id=eq.${currentAgencyId}\``

3. **Agency management UI**
   - Settings page for owners/admins
   - Manage team members, change roles
   - Update agency details (name, colors, logo)
   - View subscription usage

### Medium Priority 📅 (4-6 hours each)

4. **User invitation UI**
   - Button in settings to invite new users
   - Email input + role selector
   - Generate and share invitation link
   - Currently: Must create invitations via SQL

5. **Agency branding**
   - Use `primary_color` and `secondary_color` from database
   - Override default Allstate blue per agency
   - Upload custom logos
   - Dynamic CSS variable updates

### Low Priority 💡 (Future)

6. **Usage limits enforcement** - Check max_users, max_storage_mb before operations
7. **Multi-agency analytics** - Super-admin dashboard across all agencies
8. **Billing integration** - Stripe for paid subscription tiers
9. **SSO/OAuth** - Enterprise single sign-on
10. **Data export** - Agency-specific backup/export tools

---

## Production Deployment

The system is ready to deploy to Railway now:

### Pre-Deployment Checklist

- [x] Database migration complete
- [x] All tests passing
- [x] Feature flag enabled
- [x] AgencyContext integrated
- [x] Data isolation verified
- [ ] Update remaining API routes (optional, but recommended)
- [ ] Update real-time subscriptions (optional, but recommended)

### Deploy Steps

```bash
# 1. Commit the migration fix
git add scripts/fix-migration.mjs
git commit -m "chore: Add migration fix script for backfilling agency_id"

# 2. Push to Railway (auto-deploys)
git push origin main

# 3. Monitor deployment
railway logs --tail

# 4. Verify production
# Visit https://shared-todo-list-production.up.railway.app
# Login and verify agency switcher appears
# Create a test task and verify it has agency_id
```

### Post-Deployment Verification

1. Login as Derrick → See "Wavezly" in switcher
2. All existing tasks visible
3. Create new task → Verify saved to correct agency
4. Real-time sync working
5. Strategic Goals accessible (owner permission)

---

## Rollback Plan

If any issues are discovered:

### Option 1: Feature Flag Rollback (Instant)

```bash
# In Railway environment variables
NEXT_PUBLIC_ENABLE_MULTI_TENANCY=false

# Restart app
railway restart
```

**Effect:** App reverts to single-tenant mode, all data still visible.

### Option 2: Database Rollback (If needed)

```sql
-- Revert all agency_id to NULL
UPDATE todos SET agency_id = NULL;
UPDATE messages SET agency_id = NULL;
UPDATE activity_log SET agency_id = NULL;
UPDATE task_templates SET agency_id = NULL;
UPDATE strategic_goals SET agency_id = NULL;
UPDATE goal_categories SET agency_id = NULL;

-- RLS policies fall back to NULL check
-- All data becomes visible again
```

---

## Technical Details

### Migration Script Created

`scripts/fix-migration.mjs` - Backfills `agency_id` on all tables

**What it does:**
1. Checks if Wavezly exists
2. Finds all rows with `agency_id IS NULL`
3. Updates them to Wavezly ID
4. Verifies all data is assigned

**Safe to run multiple times** (idempotent)

### Database State

```
Agency: Wavezly
ID: 893577db-4271-4a70-88ba-a93121f22e0e
Tier: professional
Max Users: 50
Max Storage: 5GB

Members:
- Derrick (owner) - Full permissions
- Sefra (member) - Limited permissions

Data:
- Todos: All assigned ✅
- Messages: All assigned ✅
- Activity logs: All assigned ✅
- Templates: All assigned ✅
- Goals: All assigned ✅
```

### RLS Policies Active

All tables have Row-Level Security enabled:

```sql
-- Example: Todos policy
CREATE POLICY "todos_select_agency"
  ON todos FOR SELECT
  USING (
    agency_id IS NULL OR  -- Legacy data fallback
    agency_id IN (SELECT public.user_agency_ids())  -- Multi-tenancy
  );
```

**Data isolation guaranteed at database level.**

---

## Key Files Reference

### Migration & Testing
- `supabase/migrations/20260126_multi_tenancy.sql` - Full schema (787 lines)
- `scripts/fix-migration.mjs` - Backfill script (NEW)
- `scripts/test-multi-tenancy.mjs` - Test suite (323 lines)
- `scripts/verify-migration.mjs` - Verification (104 lines)

### Frontend
- `src/contexts/AgencyContext.tsx` - State management (352 lines)
- `src/components/AgencySwitcher.tsx` - UI component (309 lines)
- `src/app/signup/page.tsx` - Agency creation (575 lines)
- `src/app/join/[token]/page.tsx` - Invitation flow (660 lines)

### Backend
- `src/lib/agencyAuth.ts` - Auth helpers (478 lines)
- `src/app/api/todos/route.ts` - Example agency-scoped API (333 lines)

### Documentation
- `MULTI_AGENCY_STATUS.md` - Comprehensive status report
- `docs/MULTI_TENANCY_TEST_CHECKLIST.md` - Manual testing guide
- `docs/ALLSTATE_SECURITY_CHECKLIST.md` - Security compliance

---

## Success Metrics

All metrics green:

- ✅ **28/28 tests passing**
- ✅ **100% data migration** (0 orphaned records)
- ✅ **RLS policies active** (data isolation enforced)
- ✅ **Feature flag enabled** (multi-tenancy ON)
- ✅ **Zero breaking changes** (backward compatible)
- ✅ **Production-ready** (can deploy now)

---

## Next Session Recommendations

1. **Test in browser:**
   - Login at http://localhost:3000
   - Verify agency switcher appears
   - Create task, verify it saves correctly
   - Test real-time sync still works

2. **Create 2nd agency:**
   - Go to /signup
   - Create "Test Insurance" agency
   - Verify complete data isolation

3. **Update API routes:**
   - Start with `/api/templates/route.ts`
   - Copy pattern from `/api/todos/route.ts`
   - Test with Postman/curl

4. **Deploy to production:**
   - Push to main branch
   - Monitor Railway logs
   - Test production login

---

**Status:** ✅ **READY FOR PRODUCTION**

The multi-agency system is fully functional and tested. You can start using it immediately or proceed with optional enhancements.

**Total implementation time (commit 460f1a7 to now):** ~1 week
**Total lines of code:** ~8,000+ lines
**Cost increase:** $0 (same infrastructure)
**Risk level:** Low (feature flag + rollback ready)

🎉 **Congratulations! You have a working multi-agency SaaS platform.**
